Psalm 24 a psalm of David the earth is
the Lord's and all its fullness
the world and those who dwell therein
for he has founded it upon the Seas and
established it upon the waters who may
ascend into the hill of the Lord or who
may stand in his holy place he who has
clean hands and a pure heart who has not
lifted up his soul to an idol nor sworn
deceitfully he shall receive blessing
from the Lord and righteousness from the
god of his salvation this is Jacob the
generation of those who seek Him who
seek your face lift up your heads o you
gates and be lifted up you everlasting
doors and the King of glory shall come
in who is this King of glory the Lord
strong and mighty the Lord mighty in
battle lift up your heads o you gates
lift up you everlasting doors and the
King of glory shall come in who is this
King of glory
the Lord of Hosts he is the king of
glory
[Music]
you